This BomberMan game is built by Akshat Maheshwari.
Roll No. : 20161024

This game is a terminal based game.
Use the command "python main.py" or "python3 main.py" on the terinal to play the game.

Controls:
	w : To move the bomberman upwards
	s : To move the bomberman down
	a : To move the bomberman left
	d : To move the bomberman right
	b : To plant the bomb at the position where the bomberman is currently standing
	q : To quit the game

Features:
	1. The game consists of 1 bomberman and 5 enemies (number of enemies is fixed).
	2. The aim of the game is to kill all the enemies and score as high as possible.
	3. The game is to be played according to the specified controls.
	4. The game will automatically get over as you kill all the enemies, you win the game at this point.
	5. Plant only one bomb at a time. Plant another bomb only after the previous has completely exploded.
	6. Killing an enemy gives you 100 points, whereas breaking a brick gives you 20 points.
	7. The entity at the position where the bomb is planted will not get affected by the explosion of the bomb. The effect of the explosion is seen only in the surrounding 4 cells.	8. An enemy can be killed only if it gets caught in an explosion.
	9. The bomberman has 3 lives to play(also fixed).
	10. The game quits, if the bomberman dies or you press 'q' or all the enemies get killed.

Symbols:
	Walls : X
	Bricks : /
	Bomberman : B
	Enemy : E
	Explosion : Pattern using '^', 'v', '>' and '<'

Features Implemented:
	1. Inheritence : There is good use of inheritence. Enemy as well as Bomberman inherit their movement functions from the Person class. There are also other instances of inheritence being used.

	2. Ploymorphism : The use of polymorphism has been done at various points of the complete code.

	3. Modularity : The whole code has been split into a total of 10 files, showing a good use of modularity.

	4. Encapsulation

Bonus Things:
	1. The explosion is shown with a pattern.
	2. The different entities have been given different colors.
